In this repository, we provide the **stability proof** of the proposed controller, the **theoretical analysis on robustness** of the proposed controller, the video demonstration of **robustness tests** and the table of **quantitative comparison** in four different folders.

1) The stability can be proved. First, we define a Lyapunov candidate $V = ( e^T \Lambda e + \epsilon^T \Lambda \epsilon)/2 \ge 0$. Then, the first time-derivative of the candidate is derived as $\dot{V} = -\nu_c e^T H(e) - \nu_s \epsilon^T H(\epsilon)$. Under reasonable assumptions, we can prove that $H(.)$ is monotonically increasing and $H(0) =0$, which implies the first time-derivative of the Lyapunov candidate is negative definite. Finally, we conclude that our controller is stable based on the Lyapunov’s second method.
2) Through theoretical analysis on robustness, we can prove that the tracking error of our controller is smaller than an upper bound when disturbed by bounded noise. The upper bound can be adjusted to arbitrarily small values by changing the values of parameters. Besides, more experiments have been performed to evaluate the controller’s robustness. First, when a load was attached to the robot, it can still complete the task with satisfactory performance. Then, we imposed a disturbance to the robot to make it deviate from the desired path. Under the disturbance, the end-effector’s position converged to the desired path rapidly.
3) In our comparative study, the root mean squared tracking errors of existing two methods and our method are 1.2 mm, 1.5 mm and 0.1 mm, respectively. The quantitative results indicate that the error achieved by **our method is one order of magnitude smaller than those achieved by other methods**. Therefore, our method can improve the accuracy. Besides, our method has the advantage of predefined-time convergence, which cannot be achieved by existing methods.
